Welcome to Udacity's React Native course.
The goal of this course is to take you from React developer to
native iOS and Android developer using React Native.
The good news is that most of the knowledge you already
have about React will come in handy when learning React Native.
First, we'll take a high-level look at how React Native works.
You know, the whole JavaScript building
the inner views in the phone thing, it's really cool.
Then we get your dev environment configured and look at how debugging works.
Next, we'll get our hands dirty by learning and building with React Native components.
Then we'll see how styling and layout work followed by a lesson on navigation.
Finally, we'll move from working with React Native code to controlling
OS-specific features on iOS and Android like geolocation and notifications.
We've got a lot prepared for you, so let's get started.